Fix some references to 3.2 (and even 3.1) to point to 4.0 (#548)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-install-setup.adoc

== Install the build host and register it to {susemgr}

Your build host should be a Salt minion, running {sls}{nbsp}12 SP4.

> For instructions to install Salt minion see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/client-configuration/client-config-overview.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions to install Salt minion see xref:client-configuration:client-config-overview.adoc[].
```

- kiwi
- kiwi-desc-saltboot

> If any package is missing, make sure the ``SUSE Manager 4.0 Tools`` repository is available on the build host and install any missing packages manually using ``zypper install``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any package is missing, make sure the [package]``SUSE Manager {productnumber} Tools`` repository is available on the build host and install any missing packages manually using [command]``zypper install``.
```

You can create system groups using the {susemgr} {webui}.
Navigate to menu:Systems[System Groups] and click on btn:[Create System Group].

> For more information about system groups, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/reference/systems/system-groups.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about system groups, see xref:reference:systems/system-groups.adoc[].
```

[[retail.sect.install.branch]]
== Install the branch server and register it to {susemgr}

> Your branch server should be installed as a default Salt-based client ("minion"), running {susemgrproxy} 4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your branch server should be installed as a default Salt-based client ("minion"), running {susemgrproxy} {productnumber}.
```

[WARNING]
====
Do not install the branch server as a traditionally managed client.
====

> For instructions to install Salt-based proxy minions and register them to {susemgr}, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/installation/install-proxy-unified.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions to install Salt-based proxy minions and register them to {susemgr}, see xref:installation:install-proxy-unified.adoc[].
```
